= 0.4.4 - 2019-08-06
* Raise compilation error if token with capturing arg is used more than once in a format
* Some small internal refactorings in format compilation

= 0.4.3 - 2019-06-16
* Fixed `Timeliness.ambiguous_date_format` being used in new threads if custom value set
* Moved all config from Timeliness to new Configuration class. Delegated all
  old config methods to Timeliness.configuration instance.

= 0.4.2 - 2019-06-15
* Fixed thread safe issue that forced you to use one of the date format methods e.g. `use_euro_formats`
  to initialize the format sets in each new thread. Now a new thread will default to the global default (main thread).
* Add `Timeliness.ambiguous_date_format` config setting (:us or :euro) to control global default for date format sets. 

= 0.4.1 - 2019-06-11
* Add format for ISO 8601 with usec and 'Z' UTC zone offset (jartek)
* Fix ISO 8601 parsing bug where Z was not recognised as UTC
* Add 'zt' format token to support 'Z' (Zulu time) zone offset i.e. +00:00 or UTC

= 0.4.0 - 2019-02-09
* Add threadsafety for use_euro_formats & use_us_formats to allow runtime
  switching (andruby, timdiggins) 

= 0.3.10 - 2019-02-06
* Fixed file permissions in gem build

= 0.3.9 - 2019-02-03 [YANKED]
* Fix for parsing invalid datetime string with valid timezone raising exception (lni_T)
* Add license name in gemspec (Robert Reiz)
* Fix typo in README format example

= 0.3.8 - 2016-01-06
* Add formats for standard Ruby string representations of Time
* Updated specs to RSpec v3
* Added some gem specific exception classes

= 0.3.7 - 2012-10-03
* Change to a hot switch between US and Euro formats without a compile.
* Fix date parsing with bad month name defaulting to 1 if year and day present.
* Fix date parsing with nil month.

= 0.3.6 - 2012-03-29
* Fix bug with month_index using Integer method and leading zeroes treated as octal.

= 0.3.5 - 2012-03-29
* Correctly handle month value of 0. Fixes issue#4.

= 0.3.4 - 2011-05-26
* Compact time array when creating time in zone so that invalid time handling works properly. Fixes issue#3.

= 0.3.3 - 2011-01-02
* Add String core extension for to_time, to_date and to_datetime methods, like ActiveSupport
* Allow arbitrary format string as :format option and it will be compiled, if not found.

= 0.3.2 - 2010-11-26
* Catch all errors for ActiveSupport not being loaded for more helpful error

= 0.3.1 - 2010-11-27
* Fix issue with 2nd argument options being overidden

= 0.3.0 - 2010-11-27
* Support for parsed timezone offset or abbreviation being used in creating time value
* Added timezone abbreviation mapping config option
* Allow 2nd argument for parse method to be the type, :now value, or options hash.
* Refactoring

= 0.2.0 - 2010-10-27
* Allow a lambda for date_for_time_type which is evaluated on parse
* Return the offset or zone in array from _parse
* Give a nicer error message if use a zone and ActiveSupport is not loaded.
* Removed some aliases used in validates_timeliness and are no longer needed.
* Some minor spec fixes

= 0.1.1 - 2010-10-14
* Alias for validates_timeliness compatibility
* Tiny cleanup

= 0.1.0 - 2010-10-14
* Initial release
